DAN: It's been over a year since we defeated Gundalia
in the battle for Neathia and the Sacred Orb.
Once we returned to Earth and rebuilt a mega Bakugan
Interspace the number of people accessing it from
around the world totally exploded!
DAN: Of course Drago and I are back in action, along
with our pals Marucho and his new partner Tristar;
and Shun who's rockin' the Battle Arena with Taylean.
DAN: The flood of new Battlers means we're up
against some crazy serious competition now!
This is Bakugan battling like you've never seen before...
DAN: ...But we're in it to win it!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
MARUCHO: Hi there, Ms. Kuso.
We were wondering if Dan was home.
MIYOKO: Mmmm. Sorry boys, he and Drago went out.
TRISTAR: I bet they headed over to
Bakugan Interspace to practice.
MARUCHO: Mmmm. Sounds about right.
SHUN: Mmm hmm.
MIYOKO: Listen... I was wondering...
MIYOKO: Has Dan said anything about having nightmares?
Last night he woke up screaming again.
MARUCHO: Uh...
SHUN: It's nothing to worry about he's just
stressed about his next battle.
MARUCHO: Mmm hmm.
MIYOKO: Well then um, could you do me a favour
and tell him to relax a little bit?
MARUCHO: Sure thing!
MIYOKO: Goodness. My Dan sure is lucky that he has good
friends like those two boys.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Fall From Grace.
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Ready?
DAN: Yeah. You bet! Today's the day buddy!
DAN: We're gonna figure this thing out!
DRAGO: Great!
DAN: Let's go!
DAN: [panting, running]
MARUCHO: Whoa! There he goes, look!
SHUN: Hold on.
DAN: [panting, running]
MARUCHO: Hmmm? Where's he going?
TRISTAR: Well, Battle Arena J is down that way.
TAYLEAN: Isn't that one closed for repairs?
SHUN: Mmm hmm. MARUCHO: Mmm hmm.
[\u266a]
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon String!
DRAGO: Haaaah! Haaaah!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Hard Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: [panting, exertion]
DAN: You firing on all cylinders?
DRAGO: Not yet! Keep going!
DAN: You got it!
DAN: The only way you're going to learn to control
your energy is if we give 100% effort 100% of the time.
Even if it's just practice.
SHUN: Oh man.
If they're practicing in secret that must mean...
MARUCHO: Looks like Drago's not in control of
his powers like Dan's been saying he is.
TRISTAR: Will you two please pipe down.
TRISTAR: I'm trying to watch these guys smash stuff up!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: [groan, gasping]
DAN: What's wrong, pal?
DRAGO: Don't worry. I'm good. Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: [groan]
[explosions]
DRAGO: Ooomph. [gasping]
DAN: You sure you're okay?
DRAGO: Positive. I'm just getting warmed up.
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion] Let's do this again.
DAN: Alright you can do it, buddy!
Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: I... will control this energy...
it will not control me!
DAN: Come on, pal.
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Something feels wrong.
DAN: Hold on. Don't lose it!
[\u266a]
DAN: [angry grunt]
MARUCHO: Whoa!
SHUN: It's Zenthon!
[\u266a]
SHUN: Come on. We have to help. [exertion]
MARUCHO: Got it!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl! MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan Stand!
SHUN: Go, Ventus Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmph!
MARUCHO: Bakugan stand!
MARUCHO: Come on, Aquos Tristar!
TRISTAR: Oh yeeaaah!
SHUN: [grunt]
MARUCHO: [panting, running]
DAN: Shun! Marucho! What are you doing here?
SHUN: This isn't the time for explanations, Dan.
DAN: Huh?
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Done Red, Slash Sword!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaah huuuuuaaaah!
TAYLEAN: Seriously?
MARUCHO: Ability activate! Aquos Mine!
TRISTAR: Hah! Let's make it rain!
TRISTAR: For realz dude?
MARUCHO: He's completely deflecting all of our attacks!
DAN: Drago let's shut him down. Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon String!
DRAGO: Haaaa! haaaa!
DAN: That'll do it!
SHUN: [gasp] MARUCHO: Huh!
DAN: [gasp] No stinkin' way!
DRAGO: Who are you?
DRAGO: What do you want?
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Rise Thunder!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Abyss Cyclone!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaah!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Blazer!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
[\u266a]
TAYLEAN: [grunt, exertion] TRISTAR: [grunt, exertion]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion]
[\u266a]
DAN: Not again... [gasp]
SHUN: Is there something that you want to tell us, Dan?
DAN: [grunt]
MARUCHO: So then, Zenthon was created from one of
Drago's energy outbursts?
DAN: Yeah but don't sweat it, okay?
If he came from Drago then it only makes sense that
Drago can beat him.
SHUN: You should have told us about this earlier.
DAN: Why?
DAN: This is mine and Drago's problem and we
were handling it just fine.
SHUN: You could have fooled me Dan.
DAN: What was that?
DAN: If you've got a problem with me then just say it!
MARUCHO: Whoa whoa guys, come on. Take it easy.
DAN: Just stay out of this, Shun.
MARUCHO: Dan, wait! We should go after him, shouldn't we?
CHRIS: Yeeeeeah! That was awesome!
SOON: Chris is right.
Your battling prowess was most impressive Madame Sellon.
CHRIS: Yeah totally impressive!
It's like, her moves were so, um, what's the word
I'm looking for, ummmm?
SOON: Graceful.
I do believe that the word you're looking for is graceful.
CHRIS: Nope. That's not it.
What I'm trying to say is that her moves were so
total... total...
awesome sauce.
Yeah, that's it!
DYLAN: Why so quiet, kitten?
SELLON: What do you want?
DYLAN: What if I told you I could make your wildest
dreams come true?
Say kitten?
SELLON: Then I suppose...
SOON: [gasp] CHRIS: [gasp]
SELLON: Then I suppose I would say prove it by
bringing me ...
SOON: [giddy] CHRIS: [giddy]
SELLON: ...a battle against the Brawlers.
DYLAN: Hmmmph is that all?
DAN: [moaning, nightmare]
DAN: [grunting, moaning, nightmare]
MAG MEL: Why won't you listen, boy?
DAN: Aaaaaaahhhhhh!
MAG MEL: You must battle more!
DAN: Aaaaaaaahhhhhh!
DAN: [panting, running] Aaarrrrggghhhh!
MAG MEL: Battle more...to give me...
the power I neeeeeeed!
DAN: Noooooo!
DAN: Aaaaaaaaahhhhh! [terrified gasps]
DAN: [panting]
TAYLEAN: Talk to me.
SHUN: All of this secrecy will tear us all apart.
TAYLEAN: That's true.
But how do you stop a runaway train that's
already left the station.
SHUN: I'm not sure and that's the problem.
[\u266a]
CROWD OF SPECTATORS [excited]
SHUN: Is that for real?
MARUCHO: If it is then it's news to me.
It wasn't on the schedule yesterday.
DYLAN: Looks like it'll be a doozie, eh?
MARUCHO: I should've known you were responsible!
DYLAN: No need to thank me. It was my pleasure.
DYLAN: Look at them all!
They're just dying to see this match up!
MARUCHO: No!
DAN: I'm ready to roll. Huh.
MARUCHO: But Dan!
DYLAN: Woohooo! That's the spirit!
MARUCHO: But what about what happened earlier?
You can't risk it! Not again!
DAN: I told you. Drago and I are going to handle this, okay?
MARUCHO: But what if...
DAN: But nothing!
I'm Dan Kuso of the Battle Brawlers.
DAN: You can't expect me to back away from a
challenge now, can you?
Right, Drago?
DRAGO: Indeed!
SHUN: Hold on. DAN: [gasp]
SHUN: Let me join you, okay?
DAN: I guess so.
SHUN: If we tag team this match it will lessen the
strain on Drago.
DAN: Hmmmph. Okay!
DYLAN: Whoa! You hear that?
Dan's afraid to take you on alone.
DAN: Huh?
SELLON: Well then to spare him...
SELLON: ...any embarrassment.
I will take Chris as my partner!
CHRIS: [excited gasp] Right on!
CHRIS: Thanks so much. I won't let you down, I promise!
DYLAN: Well, okay then, kids let's get to Brawlin'.
DAN: It's time we seize control of these powers, Drago!
SELLON: Let's show them how a lady battles, Spyron!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Well, Battle fans, we're
in for a humdinger of a match today with
Dan and Shun of the Battle Brawlers...
...facing off against Sellon and Chris from Team Sellon.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: I don't know about you, but
I can't wait to see how this unfolds!
MARUCHO: Please guys. Be careful.
SOON: I am confident you will prevail Ms. Sellon.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field, open!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Today's Battle environment
will be the steep walls of Rocky Canyon, which is
sure to take the brawling action to dizzy new heights.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: And as this is a tag team
match, tag team rules will apply which means that...
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: ...in order for either
team to claim a victory, they must defeat both of
their opponents.
[\u266a]
SELLON: Well, let's see if this is all I dreamed it would be.
Gate Card, set!
[\u266a]
SELLON: Bakugan Brawl!
SELLON: Bakugan Stand!
SELLON: Rise Ventus Spyron!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan Stand!
SHUN: Go, Ventus Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Haaaah!
Let's see if you ladies have the skills to back up your talk!
CHRIS: Hah! Bakugan Brawl!
CHRIS: Bakugan Stand!
CHRIS: Rise Subterra Vertexx!
DAN: Here we go!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan Stand!
DAN: Let's show them what we can do, Pyrus Titanium Dragonoid!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
CHRIS: Go get him, tiger!
DAN: Bring it!
SHUN: My turn! Ability activate!
DAN: Huh?
SHUN: Done Red, Slash Sword!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaah huuuuuuaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: [grunt] Here I am you little troll!
CHRIS: I'll take that as an invitation then.
Ability activate!
CHRIS: Heat Impulse!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Truth Core, Battle Bastion!
SHUN: We'll wear them out. Okay?
TAYLEAN: Got it!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Shooting, Wind Dust Slash!
[\u266a]
1st BOY SPECTATOR: Oh my gosh! Did you see that?
2nd BOY SPECTATOR: Shun is the man, yo!
CHRIS: What!
SELLON: Interesting...
TAYLEAN: [grunt] Hmmmph!
SELLON: Let's counter their might with finesse.
SELLON: Ability activate.
SELLON: Revive Canopus!
[\u266a]
DAN: That's a nifty trick.
SHUN: She resurrected him!
1st BOY SPECTATOR: Oh yeah!
2nd BOY SPECTATOR: Sellon rocks!
CHRIS: Awesome! Wow, thanks so much, Ms. Sellon!
CHRIS: I've got a lot more fight left in me hah.
Ability activate!
CHRIS: Buzz Petrock!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
TAYLEAN: Oooomph!
DRAGO: Oooomph!
SELLON: Nicely played.
DAN: Okay then.
Let's hit them back, Drago!
DRAGO: Ready!
[\u266a]
SELLON: Amazing. He's faster than lightning!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon String!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaah! Huuuuaaaah!
CHRIS: It's gonna take a lot more than that. Huh?
Whooooooa!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Blazer!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
CHRIS: Watch oooouuuuuut!
DAN: No way!
CHRIS: Ability, Core Guardiner. Maaan.
CHRIS: Now I'm really mad!
SELLON: Huh. It's seems you've tapped into Chris' inner anger.
SHUN: Inner anger?
DAN: Listen Sellon!
If you think that's gonna scare us you're wrong!
SELLON: Hmmph.
CHRIS: Ability activate!
CHRIS: Blazing Magmatune!
DRAGO: Hmmmph! Huuuaaah!
TAYLEAN: Whoa!
TAYLEAN: That's one angry little girl.
She isn't fooling around, guys.
DAN: Neither are we.
Maybe it's time we show them Drago's full power.
Ready buddy?
SHUN: Hold on, Dan. Not yet!
DAN: Why shouldn't I, huh? Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: That doesn't look good.
DRAGO: Aaaaaaarrrrrrrgggggghhhh!
DRAGO: Having trouble...holding...on!
SELLON: Could Drago be struggling to control his power?
SHUN: Hold on! Taylean, Ability activate!
SHUN: Kazami style Fire Illusion!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmph!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaah!
[\u266a]
SHUN: Hmmmph!
DAN: That was a close one, Shun.
Thanks for jumping in!
DRAGO: [grunt]
DAN: You okay, Drago?
DRAGO: Yes. Taylean siphoned off my energy and helped
me pull it back.
Thank you.
TAYLEAN: No problem.
SELLON: Perhaps Taylean is even more impressive than Drago.
CHRIS: Maaaaan! I lost again.
SOON: I knew that Chris wasn't strong enough to
properly assist, Ms. Sellon.
That should have been me down there.
SHUN: Come on Dan you need to pace yourself to keep control.
DAN: Whah?
SHUN: Remember. We're a team. We can do this together, okay?
DAN: Okay I hear you.
SHUN: Let's hit them with a simultaneous attack.
DAN: Sweet! Hear that, Drago?
DAN: Ability activate!
DRAGO: Dragon Hard Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Shooting Wind Dust Slash!
SELLON: Gate Card, open!
SELLON: Evil Clear!
TAYLEAN: What?
She nullified the abilities.
SELLON: Ability activate!
SELLON: Ancient Gravity!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Truth Core, Battle Bastion!
[\u266a]
1st BOY SPECTATOR: Oh yeah!
Sellon did it again!
2nd BOY SPECTATOR: Dan's finished!
Sellon's number one!
DAN: I've had it! Let's finish this!
DAN: You know what I'm saying, Drago?
DRAGO: Absolutely. No more holding back. Let's go!
SHUN: [gasp] No Dan, wait!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: I am going to control this energy so help me.
DAN: Yeah, buddy, do it!
DRAGO: Huuuuuuaaaaaaaahhhhh!
DAN: No way! He actually did it!
DAN: [gasp] But that's not gonna be enough to take down Spyron.
SELLON: Hum.
SHUN: Huh? DAN: Whoa!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen,
the Brawlers take the win!
SELLON: [chuckle]
CHRIS: I'm real sorry I let you down Ms. Sellon.
SELLON: I would like to thank my fans, for all of
their kind support during the battle.
1st BOY SPECTATOR: We love you Sellon!
2nd BOY SPECTATOR: Yeah! Better than Dan the dud!
SOON: Perhaps Ms. Sellon did score the victory.
DYLAN: Well, well, well.
It sounds like the tide is turning against the Brawlers.
DRAGO: [groan] [panting]
DAN: Drago.
DRAGO: [panting]
MAG MEL: [evil chuckle]
At last the energy I need has started to flow.
MAG MEL: Awake my dark servants. Awake!
MAG MEL: [maniacal laughter]
[\u266a]
SHUN: I'll just get right to the point.
Why did you throw the match?
SELLON: It's obvious that Dan is struggling with
some kind of internal issues.
SELLON: It shows in his performance.
SELLON: So I took the opportunity to win the
audience over instead.
SELLON: I could use a graceful battler like you.
Think it over, Shun.
[\u266a]
SHUN: Never.
MARUCHO: Ever since we discovered that Dan and
Drago were keeping secrets about their link to
Zenthon, Shun has been convinced that Dan needs
to take a break from brawling.
I think he has a point but how on Earth do we bring
this up to Dan?
MARUCHO: As if that wasn't bad enough, suddenly all
these new Battlers showed up with these incredibly
powerful Bakugan!
That's where things got really crazy!
And it was up to Shun and I to sort it all out.
MARUCHO: You've got to tune in to see the power
we were fighting against!
MARUCHO: Hey, is that Anubias?
Oh man, what is he doing here?
Unbelievable!
[\u266a]